20161112

https://habrahabr.ru/post/310460/ - docker

https://medium.baqend.com/nosql-databases-a-survey-and-decision-guidance-ea7823a822d

20160925

Function programming explained easy
https://medium.com/@cscalfani/so-you-want-to-be-a-functional-programmer-part-1-1f15e387e536
https://medium.com/@cscalfani/so-you-want-to-be-a-functional-programmer-part-2-7005682cec4a

20160919

View for simple camera API
https://github.com/google/cameraview

Reduce apk size
http://sthagios.com/2016/08/29/reduce-apk-size/

Android clean architecture
http://fernandocejas.com/2014/09/03/architecting-android-the-clean-way/

Android clean architecture
https://medium.com/@dmilicic/a-detailed-guide-on-developing-android-apps-using-the-clean-architecture-pattern-d38d71e94029

20160918

Jake Wharton's Java hidden costs
https://realm.io/news/360andev-jake-wharton-java-hidden-costs-android/
[video]

Some pieces of advice in Android dev
https://blog.aritraroy.in/what-my-2-years-of-android-development-have-taught-me-the-hard-way-52b495ba5c51

Android architecture sample
https://github.com/android10/Android-CleanArchitecture

Java design patterns
https://github.com/iluwatar/java-design-patterns

hide data in Android
https://rammic.github.io/2015/07/28/hiding-secrets-in-android-apps/

gradle build speed up
https://medium.com/@cesarmcferreira/speeding-up-gradle-builds-619c442113cb

Android architecture samples
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture

get rid of fragments in Android
https://softwaremill.com/finally-getting-rid-of-android-fragments/

why fragments in Android are bad
https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/advocating-against-android-fragments-81fd0b462c97

list of open source android apps
https://github.com/pcqpcq/open-source-android-apps

list of android libraries
https://snowdream.github.io/awesome-android/Framework.html

Why Kotlin on Android by Jake Wharton
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ReS3ep-hjxWA8kZi0YqDbEhCqTt29hG8P44aA9W0DM8/preview?hl=ru&forcehl=1

Fast.com speed measure architecture from Netflix
http://techblog.netflix.com/2016/08/building-fastcom.html

Email validation
http://blog.onyxbits.de/validating-email-addresses-with-a-regex-do-yourself-a-favor-and-dont-391/

About typical overengineering mistaks
https://medium.com/@rdsubhas/10-modern-software-engineering-mistakes-bc67fbef4fc8

Android blog
http://blog.blundellapps.co.uk/

Status bar color
http://blog.makingiants.com/set-status-bar-color/

Typedef (IntDef) annotations in kotlin syntax
http://blog.makingiants.com/typedef-annotations-example-in-kotlin-intdef/

About Dagger 2
https://medium.com/azimolabs/dagger-2-on-production-reducing-methods-count-5a13ff671e30

serverless apps (BaaS/FaaS) by Martin Fowler
http://martinfowler.com/articles/serverless.html

loading heavy libraries on startap
http://szagurskii.com/blog/how-to-load-heavy-libraries-on-splash-screen/

splash screen made right
https://www.bignerdranch.com/blog/splash-screens-the-right-way/

Rx defer
http://blog.danlew.net/2015/07/23/deferring-observable-code-until-subscription-in-rxjava/

Android architecture by Hans Dorfman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?&v=7t7MN8e1W7s
https://events.yandex.ru/lib/talks/3609/
[video]
